Your Highness, it’s your hard work that fails you.
Your Majesty, please Jiangjiang. I can’t blame you for this.
Don't talk about you, don't admit your promise, don't expect it,
Wu Ming can explain this. Now that Wuming knows it,
Yixi admitted that it was a mistake, and also let common sense prevail.
Whatever director Wu Liang has, just leave it to them.
Anyway, nothing happened. How can I prove it?
Feel free to take risks here,
My heart, luckily I will stay true to myself for the rest of my life.
Let this unknown flag operate,
My business must die, right in the middle of nowhere,
It's mature now. Not good
I also want to talk about the prison of unlimited income myself.
I'll let your majesty do it
I always feel like I have some habits
Then you can’t figure it out?
I didn’t see the wrong person
even behavior
Let's look at this matter today
But in fact, it’s the so-called stupidity of trying hard.
He is full of food
Let the old man accompany Xiandi
Boys don’t fight
Thinking about being angry
Therefore, Qin’s financial power
I always have mosquitoes
So he always remembers what you have in your hand
That shouldn't be the case
Aren't there still two soldiers outside asking you?
Seen the festival now
In fact, some of them are my connections.
Where is this brain?
Let them forget about this.
Why can’t my female brother take care of me?
By mistake, he only went to it
He asked for water
Even if I am the emperor, I won’t worry
Not only on
Half of the day of walking and shouting
Make money quickly
But the month is long
Did the late emperor have no prince?
Why do you want her to be the emperor?
When the late emperor added help
All princes are too young
So you are older?
He's only ten years old, think about it
a ten year old child
How to control long-term helplessness
What's the Axis Day?
I'll take Shangqing with me again
There is still a reason to come down, sir
The lady asked Hu Yan to rescue Qing Yue Chang
Then Xiaoqing should go and rest first.